[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> MICHAEL BECKWITH: Welcome
to this wonderful moment.
Welcome to your appointment
with the eternal.
It's important for you
to keep your appointment
with the eternal
on a regular basis.
I invite you to be still.
I invite you to open up the
inner eye, the inner ear.
I invite you to expand
your awareness that you
may begin to see the invisible.
That you may begin to
hear the inaudible.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
This is your
appointment with you.
And in this moment, you're
letting the past, the present,
and the future collapse.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
And here we are, the
now, the eternal now.
Where this presence, which
is everywhere is not time
blinded nor time bound.
Where time does not exist to
a presence that is infinite.
It's now.
It's here.
And with this breadth, it's you.
And you are giving
yourself permission
to be right here and right now.
Take that breath.
Did you notice that
you did not think?
If we all breathe at the same
time, we'd run out of air.
Now, as you take that
breath, your thought
is, there's more than enough.
Be with that feeling right
now, there's more than enough.
Let yourself be in the
nowness of this moment.
Past, present, future gone.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Here now, more than enough love.
More than enough peace.
More than enough joy.
Abundance, vitality,
inexhaustible good.
Let that wash over you.
Let it replenish you.
Let it heal you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
With this as our
foundation, there's
something very important that
you're becoming aware of now.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
And you are becoming more
aware of more than enough.
And you are becoming
more and more aware
that you're living in
this timeless dimension
of ultimate reality.
You're becoming
more and more aware
that you, you have
something to share.
You have a song to sing.
You have a gift to release.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
And as you are bathed in this
awareness more than enough,
you tap into the vital nerve
center of your consent,
your affirmation of existence.
And you say to
yourself, yes, I am.
Yes, I can.
Yes, I will.
Yes, I am able.
The universe responds
by corresponding
to its own nature in you.
And the overflow
of good, the more
than enough, the sacred
gifts that are within you,
they now begin to be activated.
See it now.
See it with your mind's eye.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
You are living your life
from the vantage point of,
I have more than enough.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Everything I could want and hope
for and desire, I already have.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I'm tapped into
inexhaustible good.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
From this vantage point,
how are you living?
How are you giving?
How are you sharing?
See it.
Feel the freedom.
Feel the song that must be sung.
Feel your desire to
share more, to give more,
to express more, while
never becoming less
than your true and
authentic self.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
There are gifts of the divine
that wants to come through.
Your mission is to open up the
doorway of your heart and soul.
Play full out without any
attachment to an outcome.
And the outcome, it's
bigger than your imagination
for it extends itself
from infinity itself.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Feel it.
See it.
Embrace it.
Your soul remembers this.
Your mind is now set on this.
Yes, I am.
Yes, I can.
Yes, I will.
Yes, I am able.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
This is your moment.
Your appointment
with the eternal.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Feel this.
The good and the love is
seeking to express itself.
You're not making it happen.
You're making it welcome.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Now, you are to bring
eternity into time.
Be aware you have a body.
Be aware that you have a mind.
Be aware of your surroundings.
You're not running from
your human incarnation.
You're bringing the eternal
into your human incarnation.
So here you are, refreshed,
ready to move into this world.
Let all systems go,
participating in life fully
and allowing the outcome to be
greater than your imagination.
Wake up to this right now.
You're here.
You're now.
And so it is.
[MUSIC PLAYING]